salutations to all my fellow members of
the 2020 gamer generation 2019 was a
great year one that I'll remember is
exciting challenging and ultimately
rewarding I've had a blast being a part
of something as beautiful and scuffed as
the misfits speaking of stuff you can
grab the scuff dance hoodie at scuff dot
store start off the roaring 20s looking
scuffed is fun because that's the vibe
that's keeping us real in this HUD or
something without further ado I'd like
to present to you the best of swagger
soles 2019 hope you've had a wholesome
New Year's 2020s gonna be okay I think
you're enjoying this a little bit too
much on long angry shoes coming out here
read my comments on I funny and a lot of
it just said forced comedy get this
[__] off the front page is if I
wanted to be on I funny hey speaking of
I just went on I funny and Fitz is on
the front page are you kidding am I
really yeah dude it's your your need
gears joke oh there it is long build-up
for a lame joke [__] trash this one's
my Big Fork I finally get it
knee gears equals the n-word what a
deduction like a week later like
I got it thanks to this douche I skip
every meme that is this format please
stop they are they are not funny these
guys give you the real feedback and I
took up this guy's profile I kill this
guy's profile and he's got one name that
he posed to you right I'm gonna put it
in hot boy so you guys can see what a
comedy caught us here this guy is all
right this is his table pump this is
this is his one post she's good
that's [__] hilarious dude she got
her senior pictures done to Taco Bell
bro how long do you think it'll take for
someone to create a dating website for
pets just a neutered [__] looking for
an alpha male like it likes long walks
on the leash man I'm a genius [__] did i
funny
[Laughter]
I'm not sure that's gangster anything
okay gangstas cooler right yeah you're
black oh [__]
you are blank no new nickname baby face
you grind on my dick like I'm pepper she
hide in the forest like sasquatch Emily
Dickinson half bro holy [__] totally
different line
I got a Louie belt and her poopy spell
that as with the blue e bell that's when
I knew that a poopy smell which needs to
go on a diet
cuz that ass ain't quiet quiet [__] goes
off like a Glock that's when she shat on
my [__] when you ride with your homies
in the do-rag just ain't tight enough
just gangster things when you're home he
gets shot early in the street just
gangsta when we need to do a drive-by on
the op but you kill a seven-year-old
girl instead just go when you have
abandonment issues
just gangster things
too far when you're on a horse
[Laughter]
[Music]
all right can't do any more teams
amateur or game it's gonna remove the
snowballs pardon me
you want a [__] kiss or something so
I my name is Fitz and I'm here to say
that doing drugs is my beat went away
[__] on a special date a day that people
filled with hate oh my god it's special
days on 9/11 what a shitty birthday hey
it's your birthday overshadowed by
national tragedy in that crazy look at
it but yeah I mean it means that themed
birthday parties are way easier but I
see what they party go to my kids all
right
during a card that everyone here is
black so going up - how far can we go
it's [__] we go oh my god
but what the okay you having some
trouble there with that door what the
[__] dude come on it's the pink
well doesn't give you just a scare
everyone who's watching this like on a
second tab a million twelve year olds
just been [__] oh [__] Oh [__] slaying
children okay boys
dude I am [__] these kids dude I am
raping these children weird choice
welcome back to word choice there it is
alright I'm gonna change my profile
picture as well yeah it's gonna be the
new wave we're bringing them back cutie
pie is the killer of memes when we get
weird like they're the medics we revive
me we resurrect them when you get
molested deal with it I wonder if you
could pick up an order on tinder I
saying hello
she doesn't respond why you no answer
[Laughter]
she finally answers you do the one with
him spinning a serial it sounds like
there's a lorry downstairs there's a
[__] dump truck going into the
neighbor's house going into the
neighbor's house do today's one of those
days where I've eaten so much food but
I'm just constantly hungry that's
because you're depressed God that would
do it it would work on that but man
hungry how am I gonna working with the
person if I'm so goddamn hungry all the
time I'll go ahead and defuse this point
don't even worry about achieving you
keep and you find the bomb you're
supposed to be saving her [__] galaxy
Jesus what's pisshead as an American I'm
unfamiliar with the lingo does that mean
you're pissed like pictures yeah that's
the one
didn't feel like you didn't even answer
their prisoner no I have conceited
didn't saw a bottle of wine so you know
entire bottle of wine dude that's
awesome how long have you been an
alcoholic about three months before I
went into rehab ooh
now how was rehab worth nap were clearly
not very well he just drank a bottle of
wine is that is that xxx today Xian know
who is ain't choose weight confident oh
I was gonna guess Oprah
[Laughter]
cuz Annabel his aunt is after your mom
to get you another bottle of wine wine
Bell rizz big plays man last round big
plays when are we all gonna hang out and
play games and experiment with some
marijuana music
[Music]
[Laughter]
if only the stands could see the sexy
yeah tell you man underneath under my
eyes boy chiki chiki chiki hey why is
you taking the attention away from me I
can pull more champagne on myself if you
want don't worry didn't you're beautiful
[Music]
this is the bomb
with friends I don't wanna speed on he's
gay dude new socks a [__] come on in
what are you doing there we go very nice
is this middle of the afternoon this
crazy woman decides to set fire to the
hotel she lives in Wow
fire brigade come and put it out a
couple hours later she does it again
phones up central and says I've set fire
to my hotel twice today you'd better
come and get me they get officers down
there to shoot her no that's the best
part the desk sergeant he gets his share
of crank calls says alright lady Niro
why don't you come on down here later
she shows hair still smoking clothes
smoldering smells like a brush fire take
the next left
[Laughter]
alright I'll take the next left
Julie tell you the next left
so forget this I bet this guy over here
like $20 and he couldn't eat my hand and
goddamnit he wouldn't [__] did it
this [__] this [__] Joker over
here is eat my [__] hat crazy yeah
that's right crazy I mean you who would
have 50 pounds at dump
alright let's [__] go
junkies feeding on popcorn and
grasshoppers living on soup dude she's
[__] you get the munchies gotta have
some [__] soups tomato soup oh yeah
alright yeah you're too [__] good for
that huh
too [__] gay you're always too good
for and huh I'm just got some sugar I
got coal Oh nuts we could see what the
neighbors have to say about Cruz yeah
well screw you okay deaf grad oh [__]
it's a [__] trap door little bastard
at a trapdoor to shed more soup more so
he'll keeps a secret stash of soup oh
maybe we should figure out what's inside
you hungry or something Phelps ya hungry
for a little bit of [__] reefer oh ah
this is not Galatia s-- look at this but
look at it it's [__] a fern hmm I'd
say that's pretty good value for 12
cents twelve cents holy [__] what a
[__] steal two more soup oh my god Oh
oh yeah have any cigarette papers on you
Cole we got things to do yeah so do i
they see the trichomes on that [__] dawg
just putting right there for safekeeping
[Music]
are you kidding me [__] hey you drop
your purse alright have a nice day
bro where do you think you're going are
you serious are you serious right now
are you are you really serious okay
dude we can talk about dude we can talk
we can talk about it dude
we can talk we can talk about it I'm not
scared of you either you look like a
nice guy come on my arms getting [__]
sorry here look if you don't stop I'm
gonna have to slap the [__] [__] out
of you and I don't want to have to do
that okay you know what I don't want to
do it to you oh [__] oh god stop man bro
really so you're basically a tableau 5
guys to get into this gang just a pedal
of bitter Wade something like that I do
what I'm told
oh are you first
call me Mansell alright I think they're
all dead
yeah yeah alright then enough goofing
around I'm going to have to get my axe
come on axe alright Jesus Christ that's
[__] terrifying Oh Scott dabbed on
hater probably gonna [__] oh look a
you can see me I'm probably gonna get
the the the the [__] [__] you know
probably gonna farm those [__]
alpacas for the you know the the lather
and then I'll make myself a hand it'll
be lit okay there's an Enderman I'm not
looking at you I'm not looking at you
I'm not looking at you I'm not looking
at your left get away get away get away
get away get away [__] okay get ready to
[__] bleed Oh rank get ready to
[__] bleed I'm going to cut you in
your [__] neck I'm gonna pull out
your organs and I'm gonna make a [__]
hat out of it huh yeah what do you think
about that buddy what do you think about
that oh yeah that [__] [__] are you
throwing [__] at me are you [__]
throwing [__] at me [__] you yeah my
house yeah yeah laughs oh yeah I'm gonna
[__] come out there with a dagger and
slit your [__] [__] throat I don't
get a dose what are you doing no oh yeah
[__] you [__] you yeah yeah yeah [__]
you too huh I control this Kingdom and I
control the fate of the environment
ah
it started burn and allowing my Empire
to rise from your ashes
this is the most intense minecraft
letsplay I've ever seen are you serious
get away oh yeah I'm still alive hey
come on what are you hey can you not
walk are you okay
oh right What's Wrong huh What's Wrong
huh
dunno balance wait wait you can't you
can't stand up straight it was that is
that your issue what did I could cost
you your righty you need a hand oh yeah
oh yeah dude that you should go to a
doctor and get that yeah you need to get
that checked he's taking a nap no is
this friend just walking he's having a
little lamb little jeez oh [__]
oh it's a headcrab come here do I have
to get on here mmm
melon melon belly mm-hmm
[__] duck
Oh oh [__] [__] [__] me [__] me do
that's motion sickness Doug I fell on
the ground time to breach Oh are we
dancing yeah we bug in yeah your wife
dance with me yeah come on come on Sega
Rockley you're ugly oh [__] oh [__] oh
man she this reminds me of school prom
oh [__] now it even reminds me more so
of school prom
what burger you want burger son have
burger eat burger hmm eat the burger eat
it - eat it - eat the burger eat the
burger yeah is that tasty he eat the
burger mm-hmm eat the [__] burger
mm-hmm
is it good is the [__] [__] good
yeah burger I'm the king hey top the
morning to you my boy my my son one day
you will rule this kingdom but not today
all right get off your [__] feet you
little [__] piece of [__]
what are you looking at what are you
[__] [__] looking at hmm what a
fight back I'm your king [__] King an
exhausted and [__]
exhausted what are you looking at hi
you want to die is that what you want
you want to die you want to [__] die
[__] you kill you don't [__] kill you
[__] you Joey
[Music]
what are you looking at
you've always been my favorite you've
always been my favorite oh [__]
don't trip sit over here okay just stay
just stay just
[Music]
what is wrong with your mic and oh my
god dude dude what the [__] was that
thing called was it like 0:07 yes he was
quick
[Music]
man if your wife [__] the [__] is it
is it not politically correct to call
them chicks with dicks anymore I mean I
don't know if you know it's just overly
I don't know what's not politically
correct about them are they even why am
i all right they've been politically
correct is the transition part I put a
standard for transport transmission
thanks to all hop of the five these
transsexuals are off the rails
okay no one knows what's there okay
I am currently really rocking image I
don't need my head hurts that's me when
I'm disobeying my parents would win in a
fight I would love to see that's quite
the lineup who would win I would win at
bad verse bug's life you ever considered
that this whole religion stuff might be
a sham
where the [__] says the in in government
or government
[Laughter]
wait a second it tastes like democracy
please like congressman come ease I'm
gonna buy it in bulk stand is mr.
congressman Cummings look at the third
guy on the enemy team he's breathing oh
here we go
it's begun the gay furry lifts tail just
killed the entire team can you guys
please stop getting killed by the gay
Paree
got him not that I have anything against
gay furries by really one of them dead
[__] watch your right JC he's coming
you watch the lot
DJ see you left down right down you're
right down get down get down fire you're
on fire
Swire tweet why I put in Schad please
banana banana banana I am fine ah monkey
fine rope ahaha jungle man sweep that
tweet that's we close are you sure yeah
you got it didn't it go Australopithecus
Homo halibuts and then it went to
cro-magnon and then to Homo Sapien my
legs are so cold
consider pants swagger as a [__]
science team or do I be the best teacher
I always had an idea for like well you
wouldn't you're way too angry no no no
legitimately if I was a teacher I would
give zero [__] about my job it would
just be for a hobby and it's not really
how that works
dude I would have like I would have like
story arcs I would like write a routine
and play a character every single year
and it would just be different the first
year I want to be like I like a subtle
alcoholic or like I drop hints and have
a flat I think you got that alcoholic
you're either ballsy accident or you're
just having to drink you know one of the
classic experiments is measuring
measuring your blood alcohol content how
good your tolerance is how much of a
gangster are you how cool are you what
are you a [__] lightweight to me if
Timmy drank a fifth of vodka and you
dared him to drive how long will you
survive put words in they in the in the
discord you know in a ramp to it okay
okay okay okay all right I'm gonna come
and you know is this [__] like
mozzarella cheese ha yeah stretchy and
savory bro how many knows man why aren't
we says again I
11pro in my head and I'm like yeah come
on your nose company knows
come on these hallways yeah nose come
you see you [__] subscribing to
me and man I'm vibe and snore come
honestly every day man this is really
getting all vibe Jack do you best
respect this is me and honestly when it
comes to the [__] MC as WAG is
spitting these [__] pretty hard is it
gif or is it [__] Geoff I don't know
I'm pretty sure vibes it's coming -
snoring too much Tom Slimer UK there's
another weird-ass [__] kids
commercial like Chef Boyardee remember
the commercial where the kids would turn
into like feral beasts when they saw
cereal honeycomb yeah honeycomb that's
baby dance that scared the [__] out of
me that [__] mascot was like unclamp
and [__] say that [__] I was
scared I think was gonna open up my
[__] bedroom door I said that's what
made me sleep with a nightlight until I
was like [__] ten I just brought up a
really bad memory for you holy Sh it was
like a little furball with a really
wacky CJ soon it would go like yeah I'll
be quiet don't don't push him sorry he
yeah no it's okay strategy
hey he's not a FK em in their spawn he
might want to FK somewhere else no he's
right here
give me my me and four friends are
friends till the end got a lot of
friends and you know how it is man
yeah color in my book excuse me teacher
I got a go ahead and peek
give me a Hall Pass give me a Hall Pass
if I wanna pass this class then I gotta
get that glass uh yeah yeah uh Travis
you're on Travis quit is a lot gotta go
fast it's about to get detention I think
that could hit radio I feel that my
radio just hit me
man he looks so [__] done with
everything he's like man I don't want to
[__] do this [__] anymore
he's like I'm having a hard time here
what the [__] is that what the [__] was
that are you kidding me are you [__]
kidding me Oh a giant Japanese samurai
with a war boom damn ease hide I mean
this this is light this is a good game
how about women he made it don't ever
scare me like that again you grab my
weed I'm already on the green
[Music]
I'm wearing a helmet hey Tobias have a
trouble loading their revolver no I'm
perfectly fine thank you okay there you
go
don't don't point nice dirty [__] with
Toby no he just shot himself in the head
with the revolver I said are you having
trouble loading your revolver he goes no
I'm fine and then he loaded it and then
he shot himself in the head is there a
[Applause]
guy's look I'm just gonna take one for
the team
I really saw [__]
nice to meet you
hey hey hey hey I don't see the point of
this do you know oh well I do here's the
point oh hey I didn't see that I didn't
see nothing
[Music]
no rhymes calling an uber he's going to
nuber okay yeah sure that's not him
[Applause]
[Music]
here's a traitor
oh yeah it's not the Eagles on your side
is on your side should be on your side
use the grab button oh okay okay so that
works in this game - got it
yeah man hard to learn especially when
you're overweight here you have this oh
I tried to catch a mid-air Oh
[Laughter]
I'm like how totally you grits
six-two is good I'm not this sure must
exploit I could blow your kneecaps off
and make you shorter than me how do you
pull the pin with the opposite hand
opposite hand trigger and then you pull
the trigger is it out yeah it's out nice
now throw if I shoot two bullets in a
full clip and then I drop the mag out I
can still shoot again
see don't do it
don't you do it no no no no no no no
don't you don't you do it we're all
doing hey party you drive a hard bargain
but I agree oh you see that grenade on
your chest okay okay oh wait we can play
Russian roulette
let's do it all right okay perfect
you first I want to shoot it too
oh I dropped it out by accident you're
tender you move in first attendee goes
go 10d go oh [__] let's not do that all
right is it a 1v1 yeah going on right
here
all right gestures gonna eat some double
revolvers I like that one hey I like
that thank you I like that I like that
like that I like that I like that come
here
I like that well I like if you wanted I
like I like that I like that yeah I
think I like that oh we won hey I like
that no why hey hey open the door open
the [__] door
hey open the door thank you
go right there right here right there
yeah if you come towards this trick I
have no part in this I know I'm making a
cult
what's a cult it's like guy it's like a
religion except it only has like ten
people in it this is a one-time offer
join and be a part of it all all right
going on attention I'm invading this
world I'm a cult leader and I'm taking
this world by force George
penis is small who said that okay who
said that fess up come on over here
step up whoever [__] said it come
here now you said it yeah okay everybody
stay back give me a minute come here
come here come here
all right get back up get back up all
right back over there what are you what
are you up to you want you want to join
in on this cult right I don't know
what's happening
surrounded by yoga sacrifice me what the
[__] is up over here what are you
[__] freaks doing what do you know
this is some PDA [__] this is like some
like public display of affection shake
it that [__] out of your MPA you're
getting your [__] clothes wet get out
of the [__] water at least Jesus
Christ
she's flexing her Louie Vuitton swimsuit
Envy on that's pretty [__] sad the
[__] dude is a fish is that puffer fish
if somebody fed the [__] line the
carrot yeah I play csgo i Pavlov if you
do yeah it's what I said I named another
name of a game do you dream often
do you have like fetal alcohol syndrome
loci fetal alcohol syndrome that's
pretty tight thank you thank you for
your service thank you thank you thank
you yeah thank you thank you sir sir
thank you for your service thank you IPE
sir sir thank you thank you
mmm sir thank you for your service thank
you very much sir thank you so much
listen sir you protect our country's urn
sir you don't understand you protect
your country sir I'm grateful hey sir
sir Sir please please don't assault me
sir I'm thanking you and I don't want to
give me discharge from the military sir
I can I can't give that to you sir thank
you for service sir sir thank you so
much
can I ask a legitimate question um
what's the fascination with with that
small children you know drawn really
really gross you know like almost like
some pet oh [__] what lies at all over V
our chant is it like ironic not ironic
and why do you yourself participate by
calling yourself little Lally
[Music]
okay okay I'm on TV our channels Indians
language I've done like 500 milligrams
of THC
[Music]
all right now now I'm not demonetised
how are you doing I need you to stay
still for me Hays all right let me just
stay still stay still stay still looks
great [__] yeah that is a spacefaring
gentleman right there you look [__]
amazing
Hey lucky for you women aren't allowed
in space so don't even worry about it
man
yeah dude do me do me next
okay yeah did you just say completely
still perfect hey who's the murderer I'm
the [__] detective who's the goddamn
murderer are you the [__] murderer
[__] your hands up your [__] hands up
[__] chill
Nihao konichiwa I can't I don't know
konichiwa konichiwa
[Music]
oh no problem a problem here hang on
hang on Siri please translate wow you
guys are really epic thank you for being
here with me into Japanese yeah this is
awesome
Siri please translate I'm really sorry
about World War 2 into Japanese
really sorry really sorry let me bow let
me bow
all right boys it's halftime we're
getting right into it time for a little
snack [__] massage a small Asian
woman
trotty chopping my back that's good da
da da do we tell the vodka plan or do we
not something's coming listen and I've
been saying this forever okay misfits
are not cut out for this [__] is this
what the [__]
telemarketing sorry about that
so basically what I'm trying to say is
[Music]
sorry guys I need to take this call
hello wondering where your friends are
Eric you're going to regret ever having
messed with the de monetization police
[Music]
thank God I paint this thing
whose idea was it to get a [__]
propane tank
[Music]
[Applause]
you really thought you'd get away from
us huh
you really thought you could run from
YouTube's bestie monetization task force
Susan made the right call in sending us
out did you think that that's a stupid
tin can or stop us from finding you take
that off and show me how ugly you really
are
slowly slowly put it on the ground
nice and slow what the hell are you
[Music]
we'll be back for you
[__]
[Music]